I can't believe I'm alive.
This dagger was made by me for To Truong Tung.
He intentionally used this knife to kill the leader Guo.
Tell me who will ask about this dagger.
Let me kill someone.
I believed you.
Why do you still want to kill me?
If not before the meal take me to the blood removal gate.
I died long ago.
Are you done?
Su Changsong, you are too bold.
If in front of the sect masters then kill people for real.
You are a thief.
I am 723 lives away and the cult is 2,375 lives away.
You must also pay me blood debt.
Right now, the entire martial arts convention is up and down, all of them are my people.
Dare to fight me?
I said he slandered me, he slandered me.
I said that if he killed the leader, then he killed him.
Congratulations to the sect leader for becoming the martial arts leader.
Pham Hien, today is the day you die.
You were behind the instigation of the sect leader Su Truong Tung Bach Tay Lan selling his disciples to a brothel.
Want to live forever, learn the first level of the cultivation method
Unfortunately I received it.
No anger, I'm not angry.
Even if you have the second level of the Beg Sect's cultivation method in your hands right now, I'm not afraid.
I have sent someone to the empty gate to retrieve the elixir of life.
Now no need for longevity method anymore.
Today I will kill you.
The village of Immortal was completely destroyed.
And this will be hidden from you forever.
Can you bet on the mouth of the world?
What the old man did was a righteous act.
Who dares to oppose me?
Then let him try, the sword in my hand is not sharp anymore.